MUTram
===========
As I am a student at Mahidol university which needs to travel from building to building  to study in each class. Someday we need to move 6 times to attend each class in only one day. Since commuting on campus is very high, the university plans to improve the road system as well as public transportation system for the students and personnel. With these reasons, the university plans on-campus trolleys that will service inside the Salaya campus. This trolley is called Tram. But the university provides operation hours on the linear line which is quite hard to understand and this information does not provide the arrival time for each station (which has about 40 stations around the campus). We need to predict by ourselves that when it will come to our location and sometime the wrong prediction makes we miss an exam time or any appointments.

So, it must be great if I and also everyone can know the time that Tram will come. But how can we get these information. Since it is no precise measurement, I and my fellow decided to take Tram and keep the time that Tram will be at each station. We took around 10 rounds for each route(which has 3e routes). We analyzed and then get the average time that add from the terminal. For example, this station is +3 means the time that Tram sets off plus 3 minutes is the time that Tram will be at this station.

Everyone can use this app by simple choose his/her location (also station) then app will calculate the time that Tram will come and it also shows the next round that Tram will come. By clicking at the line (bar), user can share the time to friend or any others no one will not miss it.!

I hope this app can help everyone here to have a better life by the good time management. After this, no one will be late or miss any classes and any appointments.
